DAY 1 - started learning about the swing and its various methods and got to know about basics of 2-D game development using Java.
        Used Swing to create a Window class and game panel class.
        Implemented JFrame and its size methods to create a window, exit button and configure its characterstics.
        Game panel class extends Jpanel to inherit additional features. Coded Screen settings such as pixels for character and the size of the window itself. 
        class Gamepanel implements Runnable to create a thread called gameThread. This Game thread is essential as a 2-d game has an important concept of time. Even if the character stays still the world around him still moves and runs. this is done by a thread class and 
        a run method which makes the thread run until != null.
        //This is a core mechanic of the game
DAY 2 - implemented the main game loop with update and repaint. Then using java's paintcomponent(Graphics g) class drew an object on panel. 
        made a seprate class for keyinput called moevemnt and made it implement keyListener for recording key inputs inside the panel. 
        Coded 2 methods for keyinput called keyTyped and keyRelaesed. 
        w = up movement
        s = down movement
        a = left movement
        d = right movement
        used this movement class in the panel class and coded it in the update method of the game to dipslay movement in X and Y coordinates.
        but upon input the reactangle would run out the pixels and display due to lack of fps and time restriction.
        to solve this, i coded the fps and body of the repaint() method of game loop which would keep track of the remaining time and make the thread itself sleep after the 
        fixed time. This allowed the rectangle to actually be visible upon input in  the panel.
        Finally coded the FPS to be displayed in the panel.
DAY 3 - Created custom pixel character and coded the pixel character to the panel.
        Implemented classic sprite animations to the character when it moves in a particular direction.
